---
layout: post
title:  
category: life
tags: notes
keywords: idioms
description:
---

## conversation => love with relationship
- I knew that my friendship with Sharon was on the rocks, but I really didn't think that she'd break my heart and leave me.
- I'm sorry to hear it.Are you going to be all right?
- I guess. I was planning to pop the question in a few months too.
- It's a good job you didn't pop the question! I really don't think that you and Sharon were made for each other.Are you sure you want to get married so soon?
- Yeah, maybe you're right. I'm too young to settle down. I should be focusing on work, not on girls!
- True! You should't get hung up on someone so quickly, you never know what will happen.

- Friend in need is a friend indeed.
- break a leg
一种观点认为，“break a leg”源于莎士比亚时期的舞台传统。演出结束后，演员一般要到前台谢幕，若表演出色，一般会赢得台下观众的“小费”。当然，接受了小费，演员是要弯腿行“屈膝礼”的。因此，“Break a leg”成了希望演员演出成功的形象说法。
还有一种观点带有浓厚的迷信色彩。传说人们非常相信精灵的存在，而这些精灵最喜欢制造争端。如果你许了个愿望，他们就会故意让相反的事情发生。于是人们要“祝愿某人好运”时，就会故意说“祝你跌断一条腿”，希望借此骗过那些精灵，让好运来临。

- I usually know what John's opinion is about most things, because he almost always speak his mind .

- The basketball player is great on offense but his every trick in the book is his poor defense.
进攻强，防守弱

- Terry's friend is always late to meet him ,so he decided to fight fire with fire by showing up late for their appointment today.

- She really Achilles'heel during the window by saying so many negative things about her previous employer.

- John is very creative and helpful, but his Achilles'heel is his lack of communication skills.


- The two brothers seem like they are joined at the hip since they do nearly everything together.

- I tried every trick in the book to solve the problem but I was still unable to figure it out .

- The salesmen used evey trick in the book to convince the client to buy the product.

- He didnt get a job offer after his latest interview, so he is back to square one  in his search for a new job.

- The new product was a complete failure ,so we are back to square one, and must try to think of a better product to sell.

- Sometimes it is better not to speak your mind about others, if all you have to say is negative things about them.

- I really shot myself in the foot by forgetting that we had an important exam today.

- Jessica and Sally seem to do everything together these days.They are partically joined at the hip.

- Their rival company lowered their prices in order to steal away the competition, so our company decided to fight fire with fire by also lowering our prices .


## fight fire with fire
snob ,competition with rival person or company

## joined at the hip
the same to do something
husband, wives
boy/girl friend

## shoot yourself in the  foot
take subway ,but wrong direction
opposite direction,

### speak your mind
really feel or think
but nice behaviors, bad/not nice gift

### Back to square one
back to the start point
ex:
cook,

## Achilles'heel(脚跟)
weakness, that want to improve ,result in failure
* shy  unconfidence
* talk
* meet emergency can't keep calm ()

Chinese calendar


### Every trick in the book
to make any method to let you buy something
involves deception

clothes shop
bar -> hit on you

【horoscope 】
[https://zhidao.baidu.com/question/11127194.html](https://zhidao.baidu.com/question/11127194.html)
offense
defense
